fix(ci): promote /experimental-retest to /retest (#21391)
stackrox/stackrox: .github/contributing.md

  draft PR to a regular PR, you can revert it to a draft PR by clicking
  "Convert to draft" under the list of reviewers in the right sidebar of the
  "Conversation" view.
- Comment `/retest` on a PR to rerun all failed CI jobs (both Prow and GitHub Actions).

> - Use the `auto-retest` label if you want CI to automatically re-run E2E tests on failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the `auto-retest` label if you want CI to automatically issue `/retest` commands on failures.
```
